AI Extension blog post (#436)
OpenRefine/openrefine.org: src/pages/extensions.md

| Extension Name | Description | Authors | Latest compatible version |
|--------------|-------------|----------|----------|

> | [AI Extension](https://github.com/sunilnatraj/llm-extension) | The OpenRefine AI Extension bridges the power of modern language models with OpenRefine's robust data transformation capabilities. | [Sunil Natraj](https://github.com/sunilnatraj) | 3.9 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [AI Extension](https://github.com/sunilnatraj/llm-extension) | The OpenRefine AI Extension bridges the power of modern language models with OpenRefine's robust data transformation capabilities. | [Sunil Natraj](https://github.com/sunilnatraj) | 3.8.7+ |
```

Is it 3.9 or 3.8.7?

> | [Files Extension](https://github.com/OpenRefine/FilesExtension) | Tool to create project with detailed information of files from local system | [Sunil Natraj](https://github.com/sunilnatraj) | 3.9 |

Reviewer: Is the File Extension compatible with 3.8.7+ or 3.9+?

Author: It is compatible with 3.8.7+. I will update this.
